Hi guys, today I teach you 5
Very easy-to-do hairstyles for
they said that our hair're not
cool, we wake up with our hair
kind of weird
pre school work and professions
simple I hope you like it is 5 and
so do not forget to leave that
comment with this favorite idea and
hope you like it
before I start I'll use this oil
for the hair looks good but rather use
enough for the number one hairstyle
It will need four clips and let's go.
to start separating a piece of furniture from the front
the rest of our hair we'll leave
everyone back is going to get a
right side lead to the left side
and it's going to do the same thing to get mexico
left side and take the side
right after you do that, people
the clamp from one side to the other.
the other
Let's do this once again Take care of one
side passes to the other takes a wick
on the other side and holds the other
your hair became very heavy use
more clips
You're ready for our bill number idea.
how easy it was for hairstyle number 2
We're going to need a shawl like this.
and let's start making a tail of
very high horse of those who are already
accustomed
after it's a good prison, we
will take away the little one will make a
hole between your hair and it will go through
this tail through the hole for
explaining is difficult but time to do
You'll see that it's fast.
saw how easy it is now to just decorate and
you can use the effect of your
preferably I'm wearing this bow
that soon I will teach you and
super combined with our idea of
hairstyle number 2
hairstyle number 13 is super easy to
do and he talks with ponytail
Just like we did on idea number 2
We separate a wick from above.
hair hid our xuxa and holds
also with a very passionate field is the
hairstyle number 4 we start to
separated from the hair, take a piece of
Down and we're going to tire this wick.
You can make it as big as you
want to
when it gets to the end we'll go
put a clamp on the back and will pass
in the hair as if it were a little
will learn from the other side
Look how beautiful our idea of
hairstyle number 4 for hairstyle number
5 you will need a clip and
locking display
We're going to start picking up hair.
placing it behind only the part of the
top of the head
Let's screw it up to do it like it's
a bump and then you will choose the
size of the tuft you want and will
learn from your presidency
apply enough respect to your tuft
lasted all day and that was our
idea number 5 hot
So what was this favorite idea before
to leave a comment numbers here
or two three four or five frankincense
favorite and signed in my car
down here is there and I liked
here in the next videos a kiss and even
the next christmas